Editorial review: Document the Captured Surface Control API (#39982)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/screen_capture_api/index.md

  await navigator.mediaDevices.getDisplayMedia(displayMediaOptions);
```

The {{jsxref("Promise")}} returned by `getDisplayMedia()` resolves to a {{domxref("MediaStream")}} which streams the captured display surface.

See the article [Using the Screen Capture API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Screen_Capture_API/Using_Screen_Capture) for a more in-depth look at how to use the API to capture screen contents as a stream.

### Screen capture extensions

> The Screen Capture API also has features that extend the capabilities available to the Screen Capture API:

Author: Bah, not my finest moment, that. I've updated it to:

> The Screen Capture API has additional features that extend its capabilities:

## Security considerations

Websites that support [Permissions Policy](/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Guides/Permissions_Policy) (either using the HTTP {{HTTPHeader("Permissions-Policy")}} header or the {{HTMLElement("iframe")}} attribute [`allow`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Reference/Elements/iframe#allow)) can specify a desire to use the Screen Capture API using the directive {{HTTPHeader("Permissions-Policy/display-capture", "display-capture")}}:

```html
<iframe allow="display-capture" src="/some-other-document.html">…</iframe>
```

A site can also specify a desire to use the [Captured Surface Control API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Screen_Capture_API/Captured_Surface_Control) via the {{HTTPHeader("Permissions-Policy/captured-surface-control", "captured-surface-control")}} directive. Specifically, the {{domxref("CaptureController.forwardWheel", "forwardWheel()")}}, {{domxref("CaptureController.increaseZoomLevel", "increaseZoomLevel()")}}, {{domxref("CaptureController.decreaseZoomLevel", "decreaseZoomLevel()")}}, and {{domxref("CaptureController.resetZoomLevel", "resetZoomLevel()")}} methods are controlled by this directive.

> The default allowlist for both directives is `self`, which lets any content within the same origin use Screen Capture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default allowlist for both directives is `self`, which permits any content within the same origin use Screen Capture.
```

> These features are [powerful features](/en-US/docs/Web/Security#secure_contexts_and_feature_permissions), meaning that making sure they are not disallowed via a `Permissions-Policy` is not the only consideration. If they are not disallowed via a `Permissions-Policy`, the user will still be asked for permission to use the listed features via a browser prompt, which uses the [Permissions API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Permissions_API).

Reviewer: I think this is slightly better. 

```suggestion
These methods are considered [powerful features](/en-US/docs/Web/Security#secure_contexts_and_feature_permissions), which means that even if permission is allowed via a `Permissions-Policy`, the user will still be prompted for permission to use them. The [Permissions API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Permissions_API) can be used to query the aggregate permission (from both the website and a user) for using the listed features.
```

> In addition, the specification requires that a user has recently interacted with the page to use these features — this means that [transient activation](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Transient_activation) is required, that is, the features must be invoked inside an appropriate event handler function. For example, the user must click a button to use page zooming functionality.

Author: Have a look at the update I've made, and see what you think. I'm sure I was told this at some point.

I mean, if you look at the developer.chrome.com article, it doesn't mention transient activation at all.

> In addition, the specification requires that a user has recently interacted with the page to use these features — this means that [transient activation](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Transient_activation) is required, that is, the features must be invoked inside an appropriate event handler function. For example, the user must click a button to use page zooming functionality.

Reviewer: See https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/39982#discussion_r2199240786

As I said their, I don't think your text quite matches your intent based on testing. But I'm not sure whether we misunderstand each other, and I wouldn't block if you want to merge as long as you are willing to continue to chase this.

> ## Permissions Policy validation

Author: > I would probably make this security considerations

This is exactly what I did, so I think the overallstructure is OK, even if some of the details need tweaking?

> ## Permissions Policy validation

Reviewer: I think structure is good.
